everyone Bonnie made a friend in class
oh she's already making friends
no no she literally made a new friend I
want you to meet four key he's a spool
yes yeah I know four key is the most
important toy to Bonnie right now we all
have to make sure nothing happens to him
woody we have a situation I am NOT a toy
I was they pursuit salad maybe chili and
then the trash but we gotta get porky
permit
why am i alive
you're Bonnie's toy you are going to
help create happy memories that will
last for the rest of her life huh come
on hi my name is Gabby Gabby we can't
stay
yes you can boy what are you doing here
no time to explain
come with me we need to get back to our
kids Oh Sheriff woody always come in to
the rescue Bonnie needs 40 woody who
needs a kid's room when you can have all
of this Wow woody are we going to Bonnie
we have to find that we do but what
would he do jump out of a moving vehicle
let's go hey you gotta go you gotta go
[Music]
you know you've handled this lost toy
life better than I could
open your eyes woody there's plenty of
kids out there sometimes change can be
good you can't teach this old toy new
tricks if you'd be surprised
Bonnie we're going home
by way whatever Lewis Finity
you'd lose their toys every day I was
made to help a child I remember it being
this hard buddy somebody's whispering in
your ear
[Music]